1 Before Joe could start medically annotating he had to practice clicking on names.
4 Lowercase names didn't frighten joe as his brain could work out the difference between names and non-names.
0,12 Joe could even find more than one name, just like his friend Doug.
6,13,15 He knew the distinction between watching Rob bob on the sea and watching Bob rob Rob by the sea.
14,19 No matter how bad the capitalization got he still did pretty well. Like knowing grace Hoped to get in hope’s Good Graces.
14,15,16,18,31 However, the more sentences he annotated, the more frustrated he got with names like chase, crystal, Lance, and Lily. He hoped for a legal Bill that would ban calling a Guy Dale.  
18,19,21,22,23,34 Alright time for some medical annotation. Click on any words you think represent a specific disease. For example, Huntington disease and dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency are specific diseases. Acronyms can also be annotated for example HD.
42,43,44,45,46,47,48,49,51 A disease is defined as “a disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, especially one that produces specific symptoms or that affects a specific location and is not simply a direct result of physical injury”. Some examples are: cataracts, breast cancer, eczema, coronary heart disease, malaria, and melanoma.
13,14 Do not annotate disease classes. For example cancer is a disease class and breast cancer is a specific disease. 
44,45,47,48 Do not annotate composite mentions. For example “breast and ovarian cancer” is a composite mention because breast annotated on its own would not be a specific disease. Breast and ovarian cancer annotated together would not be one specific disease (so neither is annotated). However “breast cancer and ovarian cancer” can be annotated as two separate specific diseases. 
42,44,56 Do not annotate specific diseases when they are used as a modifier. A modifier is a word that changes the meaning of another word in a sentence. That is, do not annotate adjectives or adverbs. As a non-medical example: “He is a vegetarian” has vegetarian used as a noun. But “He ate a vegetarian burger” has vegetarian used as an adjective so it would not be annotated.
15,16,36,37,38,39 Let’s look at some medical examples of modifiers. “The ovarian cancer patients were analysed” has ovarian cancer modify the word patients and so is not annotated.  “For females over 50 there was a high risk of ovarian cancer” ovarian cancer is used as a noun and so is annotated.
13 Try to annotate the specific diseases used as a noun in this text: “DDS is a rare childhood disease. DDS symptoms are not well understood. DDS-related morbidity rose 15 %.”
69,70 Hopefully that all made sense but just remember that this is an evaluation of the systems used and not your performance. If in doubt, just pick your best guess. In summary: do not annotate disease classes (e.g. “cancer”), do not annotate composite mentions (e.g. “breast and ovarian cancer”), do not annotate modifiers (e.g. “cancer patients”). Do annotate singular specific diseases used as a noun (e.g. “breast cancer”).